Build local app bundle (#37)
TheCase/IPMIView.app: README.md

bash script.sh

> ```

Reviewer: At the very least, let's get a short `**Note:** ...` here guiding users how to invoke this on arm64 Macs; we're close enough to EOL that it's worth doing, IMO.

> You should now have an application icon in the current directory. You can copy it into `/Applications/` or into `~/Applications/` ror run it from the current location if you'd like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should now have an application icon in the current directory. You can copy it into `/Applications/`, `~/Applications/`, or run it from the git repo root, if you'd like.
```
